So too hot to handle. I saw this show too hot to handle on Netflix.
You know,
supposedly these hot chicks and these hot dudes and I don't.
I.
Look, some of the girls are hot. I'm not going to lie. Okay.
Actually hots the good word for it.
Maybe one or two would maybe be classified as beautiful,
but hot. Okay.
There's one girl that I could see myself maybe
chilling with sex, the horizontal Mambo. Sure.
Maybe a few of them actually chilling with one of them. Maybe one of them
There's like two or three dudes that are okay. Cool. Kind of handsome.
But some of these dudes are just donkeys.
They just like, look not that good. And they're just dumb as.
And I'm watching too hot to handle.
I saw about three episodes and that's totally the type of show that I would
watch.
However many episodes I watched in the first sitting is however many episodes
I'm going to watch. I'm never going back to this show,
but I got three episodes in and here's the thing.
These hot people come to an Island and it's awesome.
And they're all sexually promiscuous people and 12 hours into it,
which I don't know why they waited 12 hours into it.
This Alexa type thing that looks like an air freshener.
It's just like you win a hundred thousand dollars.
If you don't have sex with each other for a month and you can't,
that's a pot of money. If you guys don't. If you don't kiss,
if you don't pet heavily, you won't lose any money.
If you do any of this stuff, you lose some of the money.
And what happens is if your kiss, you lose this amount of money,
if you also can't at all, okay, you can't. If you,
you get docked money too.
Now what happened is that all money that comes from the pot.
I thought originally everyone gets a hundred thousand dollars and then if they
up, they lose the money. I thought that was good enough.
But when you lose a hundred thousand,
when you have a hundred thousand dollars as 10 people,
that means you have $10,000. And if somebody kisses somebody else,
if you open the mouth and you, and you put that tongue in there,
you lose three grand of the total lump sum some of the money.
So that means that everyone gets docked a few hundred dollars if somebody
kisses. So that means if you kiss,
you're a genuine selfish. All right. Now
That being said out of everybody by day four and the,
and the dudes too, because not because I'm gay because dude,
I'm on an Island and this Boehner's finding someone
[inaudible] I swear to God do it.
If I'm on an Island, um,
I'm always the most activated when I get out of some water.
If I get out of the shower and get out of the pool, dude,
I give it 30 minutes until my just [inaudible]
. I don't know why, but it's like the Roadrunner arriving somewhere. [inaudible]
that's my. And my balls were like, what the?
How'd we get here so quick when I get into the pool for get it, do it.
I don't know what it is.
I think it's because my Dick has overcompensated because when you get in the
pool,
your Dick gets smaller and your balls get smaller because it's gets cause of
the, what they call shrinkage. I don't like that term.
But then when you get out afterwards, my like, eh,
we ain't have none of that BRCA GAC.
And um, so yeah,
but I would be everybody, all the money out the window don't give a.
But I thought the funniest thing would be because here's what happens when it ha
when you kiss the first people I saw like three episodes and somebody kissed in
like the second episode of first episode. And then the next episode is like,
well, somebody broke the ruse that the, the whatever they call it, the,
the lady that looks like an air freshener, that Alexa type girl is like,
somebody broke the rules. You get,
they kissed you 3000. And they were like, who did it? And then the guy's like,
all right, dude, I'm going to come clean. I feel bad really sorry. But I kissed.
And she did it to me. And the, and the girl, the hot chick was like, what?
You kissed me. And he did. It was his fault.
But that was trying to act like it was her fault. That's not a man, bro.
I'm sorry. I would've been like, dude, I'm sorry. I docked everyone.
Three ran all reimburse everybody. But look at that girl right there.
You're telling me, come on, dude, look at her. She made me go Breca CAC.
She made my arrived like the Roadrunner. And then you'd be like,
all right, dude, I get it fine. You're going to reimburse us. Cool. that.
You know what I would actually do? I wouldn't anybody.
I'm sure if you you get docked. Like five grand kissing is three grand.
I don't know how much you get docked for masturbating. But dude,
how funny would it be?
If there was like a chronic masturbator there and he couldn't help it,
he didn't know that he couldn't do it until he got there.
Cause they don't drop the rules on you until you get there. And they'd be like,
so somebody broke the rules at the end of the day. And the guy was,
and they were like somebody masturbated 12 times today.
And they were just like, Oh, okay. What? You are a dart, 11 grand.
And they're like, who would everyone jerked off? They'd be like,
everyone jerked off. It'd be like no jerked off and be like, I didn't do,
I didn't do it.
And then it was just one nervous guy with like a red face and a shriveled up
Dick. Just like, ah, uh, I don't know. Maybe it was me. I don't know.
I jerked up a few times. How many? And then you just ask the Alexa girl. Oh 12.
And it was like, I'm sorry, dude. I try,
I didn't know that you weren't supposed to do this.
They should have done their research, man. I have a chronic masturbation
Everyday. Just jerking off 12 times a day. I can't help it. I'm sorry.
They wouldn't leave you alone to tie your hands behind your back.
Let me get to my Dick. Let me get to my Dick.
this Alexa girl. I need to,
you started, went up on the downbeat. I'm going to look this off.
You're losing us money. It's like the worst guy, Ritchie movie of all time.
He's losing some money. Yeah,
but he keeps getting bonus that keeps getting bone is what we do. Well,
we can cut his Dick off. I've got a pair idea. That's toys,
hands volunteers back. And from any ocean,
there's like a MacGyver. He's got his, his hands are tied behind his back,
but he's using a sharp bamboo stick to try and cut it so it can
just jerk his off money.
Just going down as the superimposed,
the money just over as is all over his Dick. He's jerking his Dick off and over.
It is superimposed graph of money. Just dwindling. Like it's a,
he's just jerking off so hard and a old.
And over it just different shots of his Dick. Just
Ching Ching, Ching.
Just keeps going. That's it? They're just like.
This. Like
[inaudible].
Um, wow dude. That's hilarious. And on this Island,
they've got a chronic master, but why didn't they not?
They should have brought the chronic match and they entered three episodes in
here. It comes to chronic masturbator.
We'll see if they can get this guy to stop jerking it.